<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/232721752?color=78c143&title=0&byline=0&portrait=0" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>

NS8 is a comprehensive fraud prevention platform that combines behavioral analytics, real-time scoring, and global monitoring to help merchants of all sizes optimize order processing and minimize risk. Built on the Protect API, this app integrates directly into NS8's platform and allows merchants to begin fighting fraud within minutes.

### Highlights: 

#### Score users in real time

NS8 analyzes all visitors and transactions in real time, providing a single score that assesses the fraud risk posed by each user. The score is an actionable data point that can be incorporated into a variety of customizable workflows. If a user’s score is suspiciously low, you can investigate their order before a chargeback occurs.

#### Automate your workflow

NS8’s automated tools allow merchants to escalate order investigation and request additional verification for suspicious orders. Create custom thresholds to designate user risk and reduce the labor involved in manual review and shipping lead times.

### Features:

#### Risk-scoring

Our unique scoring algorithm tracks and analyzes over 170 user attributes and combines them into a single, actionable score, which allows you to easily assess fraud risk at a glance and automate your review process.

#### Real-time data 

Rather than waiting until checkout to determine a risk score, our scoring engine continuously updates its analysis as each user interacts with your site. Evaluate all users, not just customers who make a purchase.

#### Behavioral analytics

Go beyond static data points to analyze behavior and pre-session data, which includes how users arrive at your site and their behavior once they get there. Our algorithm continuously adapts to new behavior patterns so you can better assess fraud risk.

#### Identity verification

Utilize SMS, email, and other verification steps as well as third-party integrations to verify suspicious orders. The level of impact on the user can be customized and is adjustable based on the score each user is given.

#### Automation

With over 70 criteria to choose from, you can automate order processing workflows using customizable rulesets. The combinations are nearly endless and allow you to create personalized defenses that are as dynamic as they are unique.

#### Ad campaign optimization

Use advanced analytics to identify bad traffic generated by fraud and detect its source. Determine which advertising campaigns are bringing in high-quality traffic and adjust any campaigns that are not attracting real prospects.

#### Live performance monitoring

Know when and where customers are experiencing site issues by monitoring responses from servers around the globe. Set custom alerts to keep your team informed of problems and prevent the loss of customers due to unexpected downtime.

### Pricing:

NS8 is a pay-as-you-go service with flexible pricing based on the number of scores received per month. This number is calculated as the total amount of page views you receive on your website, plus the quantity of orders analyzed by NS8. After the 30-day free trial period, pricing begins at $29.95 per month.

*Scores are defined as the total number of page views plus the total number of orders analyzed. 
